1. You can find this using the man -k option that searches
all the manuals for a particular keyword.
I reached that conclusion by looking up the
options for the manual command itself using man man.
   Keystrokes: man -k whateverKeyword
This presented me with a list of options relating
to the manual. 
2. The cp is located in /usr/local/cs/bin
and wc is located in /usr/local/cs/bin as well.
This can be done by running the which command to
check its location.
    Keystrokes: which cp
    		which wc
3. The executable programs that are just
one character long can be found using the find command.
If we look up the manual for find, we shall know that
we can use it to find things in a particular location,
therefore we redirect it to the place where the commands
lie. 
    Keystrokes:find /usr/bin -name ?
    Commands found: 
    /usr/bin/w
    /usr/bin/X
    What the commands do:
    This is found using man commandname
     w - Show who is logged on and what they are doing.
     X - a portable, network-transparent window system.
     The server distributes user input to and accepts
     output requests from various client programs
     through a variety of different interprocess
     communication channels.
	 
4. gcc is executed when you execute the command
named by the symbolic link /usr/bin/cc.
This can be found by using the readlink command
which resolves symbolic linksand prints them out.
    Keystrokes: readlink /usr/bin/cc
5. According to the manual with chmod you have the following options
   set user or group ID on execution at runtime (s)
   other users in the file’s group(g),
   - causes the existing file mode bits of each file  to be removed
   Therefore the option g-s restricts the users in the
   group from changing id of other users in the file's
   group during runtime as I am removing the set id
   bits from the group's permissions.
   	Keystrokes: chmod g-s
6. -mtime numberOfdays. This was found in the man page.
	Keystrokes: find -mtime 
7.Directories  modified 
 .
./Desktop
./Desktop/desktop.ini
./Documents
./Documents/desktop.ini
./Downloads
./Downloads/desktop.ini
./.Xauthority
./lab1
./35L/ans1.txt~ 

I entered n as 3 in the command find -mtime 3

8. There are 350 symbolic links in the same directory as find .
This can be done by first finding which directory find is in
through the which find command then  using the
find /pathTodirectory -typel command to find the symbolic links,
copying and pasting them in a text file and then counting
the number of lines in that file using the wc -l command. 
	Keystrokes: which find 
		    find /usr/bin -type l
		    --- save it in a text file called count.txt
		    wc -l

9. The file create on  Mar  3  2010 called libgamin-1.so.0.1.10 is
the oldest regular file in this directory.
This can be foundby ls -l -t /usr/bin
10. According to the manual page the locale command gets its data
from the environment variables such as LC_NAME etc. 
Therefore the data is from the current environment of the machine. 
11. Buffer-menu-sort              M-x ... RET
  Command: Sort the buffer menu by COLUMN.
Buffer-menu-sort-by-column    M-x ... RET
  Command: Sort the buffer menu by the column clicked on.
ibuffer-invert-sorting        M-x ... RET
  Command: Toggle whether or not sorting is in reverse order.
ibuffer-toggle-sorting-mode   M-x ... RET
  Command: Toggle the current sorting mode.
rmail-sort-by-author          M-x ... RET
  Command: Sort messages of current Rmail file by author.
rmail-sort-by-correspondent   M-x ... RET
  Command: Sort messages of current Rmail file by other correspondent.
rmail-sort-by-date            M-x ... RET
  Command: Sort messages of current Rmail file by date.
rmail-sort-by-labels          M-x ... RET
  Command: Sort messages of current Rmail file by labels.
rmail-sort-by-lines           M-x ... RET
  Command: Sort messages of current Rmail file by number of lines.
rmail-sort-by-recipient       M-x ... RET
  Command: Sort messages of current Rmail file by recipient.

this can be found in the appropos option of help : C-h ? a 

12. C-a - go to the beginning of the line
    C-b - move to the prev character
    C-c - changes to shell mode : has commands associated with it 
    C-d - Deletes current character but cursor stays in the same place  
    C-e - move cursor end of the line
    C-f - move cursor to the next character
    C-g - quit whatever you're command is (when in the middle of command) 
    C-h - help
    C-i - adds tab character
    C-k - delete line after cursor 
    C-l - Moves the page according to the cursor
    C-m - Insert a new line and move cursor to it 
    C-n - Move cursor down one line
    C-o - Insert a new line but keep cursor in the same position
    C-p - Move cursor up one line
    C-q - Inserts say a character that the keyboard doesnt support,
    you add a command and it inserts it as text 
    C-r - Search backwards from where the cursor is 
    C-s - Search the current file 
    C-t - Switch current character with the character behind it
    (it becomes ti, this also works with spaces)
    C-u - prefix argument used to repeat the command that follows
    say n times 
    C-v - scroll downwards 
    C-w - kill the text from the cursor location to the mark 
    C-x - prefix command to perform extra tasks such as
    reading a file from disk, saving it to disk etc 
    C-y - get the last kill back to the screen
    C-z - temporarily suspend emacs

13. C-g  Cancels a command that is currently running
(say when emacs is stuck) or removes a partially typed command
14. get the last kill back to the screen or rather
paste the last thing killed to the buffer
15. The ls -l command finds 96816 files in the /usr/bin directory
while the dired command in emacs displays 395728 used files in the directory.
Emacs also displays how many files are available which is 3072392.
Emacs displays a lot more files, it also considers subdirectories
like '.' as a separate entry

